Aws7  2 hours ago 
hi

zkutch  51 minutes ago 
Hi

Aws7  50 minutes ago 
how r you

zkutch  50 minutes ago 
thanks, fine.
and you?

Aws7  45 minutes ago 
i'm good

Aws7  45 minutes ago 
so are you gonna do the work

Aws7  45 minutes ago 
also , take your time for it

Aws7  45 minutes ago 
but i need it professional

Aws7  44 minutes ago 
i want to give me something legend

Aws7  44 minutes ago 
are you gonna able to do the work , also i might add some of options

zkutch  44 minutes ago 
new options?

Aws7  44 minutes ago 
yes

zkutch  43 minutes ago 
write, pls.

Aws7  43 minutes ago 
i want the script to be fully controlling the virtalbox with all the virtualbox features

Aws7  42 minutes ago 
start

Aws7  42 minutes ago 
pause

Aws7  42 minutes ago 
delete

Aws7  42 minutes ago 
clone

Aws7  42 minutes ago 
all the features in the virtualbox i can control it from the bash script

zkutch  41 minutes ago 
using command line options?

Aws7  41 minutes ago 
yes

Aws7  40 minutes ago 
make it like choosing options

Aws7  40 minutes ago 
1- bla bla

Aws7  40 minutes ago 
2- bla bla

Aws7  40 minutes ago 
choose : 2

Aws7  40 minutes ago 
like that

zkutch  40 minutes ago 
understand. 

Aws7  40 minutes ago 
done

Aws7  40 minutes ago 
i'll hire you now

Aws7  40 minutes ago 
good?

zkutch  39 minutes ago 
yes, but additional options is new price and different time.

Aws7  39 minutes ago 
no problem

Aws7  39 minutes ago 
also

Aws7  39 minutes ago 
i want if i run the os image

Aws7  39 minutes ago 
like if i run win xp

Aws7  38 minutes ago 
or any os

Aws7  38 minutes ago 
any changes happend to it , it will recorded to a log file

zkutch  38 minutes ago 
which kind of changes?

Aws7  37 minutes ago 
like the space before it run

Aws7  37 minutes ago 
and then after 

Aws7  37 minutes ago 
the data that added to it

Aws7  37 minutes ago 
like that

Aws7  37 minutes ago 
possible? 

zkutch  36 minutes ago 
 space easy. Data added, pls, explain

Aws7  36 minutes ago 
like the difference before and after

Aws7  35 minutes ago 
also creating new image

zkutch  35 minutes ago 
hm... suppose you have 80gb before and 90gb after - what difference you want to see?

Aws7  34 minutes ago 
10 gb

Aws7  34 minutes ago 
10 gb is added on ( time + date )

zkutch  33 minutes ago 
to show size, time is easy, but if you want to see diff which equals 10gb it hangs almost all comps.

Aws7  33 minutes ago 
ok skip this one

Aws7  33 minutes ago 
put also creating a new image

Aws7  32 minutes ago 
if you download VirtualBox

Aws7  32 minutes ago 
click on New

Aws7  32 minutes ago 
and see how it's works

zkutch  32 minutes ago 
so we need all options you would like written for clearness - correct?

Aws7  32 minutes ago 
bring all of that to make it to be controlled from the bash 

Aws7  31 minutes ago 
yes

Aws7  31 minutes ago 
also very important

Aws7  31 minutes ago 
ssh

Aws7  31 minutes ago 
the script wont work unless the user connected through the ssh

Aws7  30 minutes ago 
if not the program will exit

Aws7  30 minutes ago 
because the VirtualBox is on the cluster node 

Aws7  30 minutes ago 
and the user will use the pc to connect to the cluster node

Aws7  30 minutes ago 
$username@$server

Aws7  29 minutes ago 
ssh $username@$server

Aws7  29 minutes ago 
?

Aws7  29 minutes ago 
good?

zkutch  28 minutes ago 
I think good, but is it all?

Aws7  28 minutes ago 
i guess so

zkutch  27 minutes ago 
and what price you suggest?

Aws7  27 minutes ago 
tell me

zkutch  27 minutes ago 
one moment, look over..

Aws7  27 minutes ago 
ok

zkutch  25 minutes ago 
$100 + 3day

Aws7  25 minutes ago 
80 2 days

Aws7  24 minutes ago 
$80

Aws7  24 minutes ago 
and i want it on 12 pm sunday

zkutch  23 minutes ago 
if you insist on sunday, then increase price is fair - no?

Aws7  23 minutes ago 
how about $80 and the deadline will be on 7 AM monday

Aws7  22 minutes ago 
good?

Aws7  22 minutes ago 
deal?

zkutch  21 minutes ago 
which time you have now?

Aws7  21 minutes ago 
now it's 7 pm

Aws7  21 minutes ago 
Friday 7 pm

zkutch  20 minutes ago 
let's put deadline monday this time.

Aws7  19 minutes ago 
no i can't

Aws7  19 minutes ago 
must be on 7 am monday

Aws7  19 minutes ago 
if i can i'll let you for sure

zkutch  17 minutes ago 
ok, to give me $80 you should put $88, because %10 take this site from me - are you agree?

Aws7  16 minutes ago 
ok

Aws7  16 minutes ago 
edit ur bid

zkutch  16 minutes ago 
do you prefer perl script - for you it will be same command line tool, but more fast and secure?

Aws7  15 minutes ago 
no i want it bash

Aws7  15 minutes ago 
i'll use Centos 

zkutch  15 minutes ago 
ok, no problem, one moment - editing..

Aws7  14 minutes ago 
ok

zkutch  13 minutes ago 
sorry it wrote 97 itself - correcting...

zkutch  13 minutes ago 
done

Aws7  12 minutes ago 
i put 88

Aws7  12 minutes ago 
u asked 66

Aws7  12 minutes ago 
wrong

Aws7  12 minutes ago 
done?

zkutch  11 minutes ago 
it refreshing and refreshing ...

Aws7  11 minutes ago 
ok

Aws7  11 minutes ago 
Amount Description Status Actions
$88.00 Initial milestone payment (USD)

Aws7  11 minutes ago 
good?

zkutch  11 minutes ago 
accepted. Something more?

Aws7  10 minutes ago 
please put note for describe each line

Aws7  10 minutes ago 
and make it really good

zkutch  10 minutes ago 
you mean comments?

Aws7  9 minutes ago 
yes

zkutch  7 minutes ago 
comments used on key places, not each line. I'll write in detail

Aws7  6 minutes ago 
ok

zkutch  6 minutes ago 
for any case, my mail is with same name as here on yahoo.

Aws7  5 minutes ago 
ok

Aws7  5 minutes ago 
zkutch@yahoo.com?

zkutch  4 minutes ago 
exactly, this site forbid exchange contacts as I know.

Aws7  4 minutes ago 
ok

zkutch  2 minutes ago 
I am rarely on this chat, but if you leave message it come to my mail, or write directly and I'll respond.

Aws7  1 minute ago 
ok